Title: Loon Peak Karnova Platform Bed with Bookcase & Reviews - Wayfair Canada
Price: 
Description: About This Product
Ideal for avid young readers, this platform bed makes it easy to grab your favourite book from the comfort of your mattress. Crafted from solid and engineered wood, this corner bed is a smart, space-saving choice that brings a big style to small living areas. The integrated storage headboard and bookcase side rails work wonders for calming clutter, while the innovative design lets you flip the configuration to suit your space. This headboard even includes 2 slim-profile USB charging ports. Plus, you can add your preferred mattress (sold separately) without the need for a box spring.
What's Included?
Guardrails Included
Bookcase Included
Shelves Included
Not Included:
Slat Kit Included
Box Spring
Features
Includes bookcase storage with end panel, storage footboard and rails
Includes bookcase storage unit with end panel and bookcase storage unit with side rail
Made of engineered wood and decorative laminate.
Made with engineered wood (MDF/particleboard/plywood) and decorative laminate for the right balance of affordability and durability
Rich finish over replicated walnut grain with authentic touch
Decorative laminate replicates natural or man-made material surfaces with consistent colour, pattern and texture
Flip components to create a right-hand or left-hand corner designs.
2 slim-profile USB charging ports
2 slim-profile USB charging ports.
Panel backs are unfinished; cannot be used as a free-standing piece.
Mattress available, sold separately
Bed does not require additional foundation/box spring; accommodates most zero clearance adjustable bases
The bookcase has to be used for the side of the bed.
The distance from the floor to the bottom of the lowest shelf is 13".
Is your bedroom in need of a refresh? And do you love mid-century modern design? Then this bookcase storage bed is calling your name. Simple lines and an industrial-chic vibe will seal the deal. Settle into its laid-back style, and plan to stay for a while.
Immerse yourself in this bookcase storage bed, where Shaker-style design meets a stunning finish. The crisp lines effortlessly complement farmhouse, coastal and transitional decor. Sleek in its simplicity, its low profile suits your desire for a fresh bedroom style with essential function.
It is recommended to seal and wipe up any spills as soon as they occur.
Is your bedroom in need of a refresh? And do you love mid-century modern design? Then this bookcase storage bed is calling your name. Simple lines and an industrial-chic vibe will seal the deal. Settle into its laid-back style, and plan to stay for a while.
The mattress sits on the floor.
Link: https://www.wayfair.ca/baby-kids/pdp/sand-stable-teddy-platform-bed-with-bookcase-c006826975.html?piid=1070737917%2C1070737918
